[Hotfix][Docs]Correct errors in the FAQ doc (#8048)
apache/seatunnel: docs/en/faq.md

## Does SeaTunnel support real-time incremental integration?
SeaTunnel supports incremental data integration. For example, the CDC connector allows real-time capture of data changes, which is ideal for scenarios requiring real-time data integration.

## What CDC data sources are currently supported by SeaTunnel?
SeaTunnel currently supports MongoDB CDC, MySQL CDC, OpenGauss CDC, Oracle CDC, PostgreSQL CDC, SQL Server CDC, TiDB CDC, and more. For more details, refer to the [Source List](https://seatunnel.apache.org/docs/connector-v2/source).

## How do I enable permissions required for SeaTunnel CDC integration?
Please refer to the official SeaTunnel documentation for the necessary steps to enable permissions for each connector’s CDC functionality.

## Does SeaTunnel support CDC from MySQL replicas? How are logs pulled?
Yes, SeaTunnel supports CDC from MySQL replicas by subscribing to binlog logs, which are then parsed on the SeaTunnel server.

## Does SeaTunnel support CDC integration for tables without primary keys?

> No, SeaTunnel does not support CDC integration for tables without primary keys. This is because, in cases where two identical records exist in the upstream and one is deleted or modified, the downstream cannot determine which record to delete or modify, leading to potential issues. Having primary keys is essential for ensuring data uniqueness, similar to identifying the real Monkey King in the classic "Journey to the West."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SeaTunnel does not support CDC integration for tables without primary keys. The reason is that if two identical records exist in the upstream and one is deleted or modified, the downstream cannot determine which record to delete or modify, leading to potential issues. Primary keys are essential to ensure data uniqueness.
```

> ## How does SeaTunnel handle changes in data sources (source) or data destinations (sink)?

Reviewer: What's `changes` meaning?

When the structure of a data source or destination changes, SeaTunnel provides various mechanisms to adapt, such as automatically detecting and updating the schema or configuring data mapping rules. You can adjust the `schema_save_mode` or `data_save_mode` parameters to control how these changes are handled based on your needs.

For more details, refer to the answers on `schema_save_mode` and `data_save_mode` below.

## Does SeaTunnel support automatic table creation?
Before starting an integration task, you can select different handling schemes for existing table structures on the target side, controlled via the `schema_save_mode` parameter. Available options include:
- **`RECREATE_SCHEMA`**: Creates the table if it does not exist; if the table exists, it is deleted and recreated.
- **`CREATE_SCHEMA_WHEN_NOT_EXIST`**: Creates the table if it does not exist; skips creation if the table already exists.
- **`ERROR_WHEN_SCHEMA_NOT_EXIST`**: Throws an error if the table does not exist.
- **`IGNORE`**: Ignores table handling.

>   Many connectors currently support automatic table creation. Refer to the specific connector documentation, such as [Jdbc sink](https://seatunnel.apache.org/docs/2.3.8/connector-v2/sink/Jdbc#schema_save_mode-enum), for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Many connectors currently support automatic table creation. Refer to the specific connector documentation, such as [Jdbc sink](https://seatunnel.apache.org/docs/connector-v2/sink/Jdbc#schema_save_mode-enum), for more information.
```

  }
}
...
```

To start SeaTunnel in Zeta Local mode with variables:

```bash
$SEATUNNEL_HOME/bin/seatunnel.sh \
-c $SEATUNNEL_HOME/config/your_app.conf \
-m local[2] \
-i city=Singapore \
-i date=20231110
```

Use the `-i` or `--variable` parameter with `key=value` to specify the variable's value, where `key` matches the variable name in the configuration. For details, see: [SeaTunnel Variable Configuration](https://seatunnel.apache.org/docs/concept/config)

## How can I write multi-line text in the configuration file?
If the text is long and needs to be wrapped, you can use triple quotes to indicate the beginning and end:

```plaintext
var = """
Apache SeaTunnel is a
next-generation high-performance,
distributed, massive data integration tool.
"""
```

## How do I perform variable substitution in multi-line text?
Performing variable substitution in multi-line text can be tricky because variables cannot be enclosed within triple quotes:

```plaintext
var = """
your string 1
"""${your_var}""" your string 2"""
```

For more details, see: [lightbend/config#456](https://github.com/lightbend/config/issues/456).

> ## How do I configure logging parameters for SeaTunnel E2E Tests?
> The log4j configuration file for `seatunnel-e2e` is located at `seatunnel-e2e/seatunnel-e2e-common/src/test/resources/log4j2.properties`. You can directly modify logging-related parameters in this configuration file. For example, to produce more detailed E2E Test logs, lower the `rootLogger.level` in the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This question look likes useless for users.
